Fix Update guide to make sure dotfiles are copied (#1158)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: docs/documentation/updating-the-kit.md

1. [Download the zip file of the latest version of the Prototype Kit](/docs/download).

2. Unzip the zip file. It will make a folder called `govuk-prototype-kit`, with a version number.

3. Make a backup copy of your prototype folder.

> 4. You'll need to copy files that start with a . (‘dot files’). Operating systems hide dot files by default. You can:

Reviewer: This might be a clearer explanation?

```suggestion
4. You'll need to copy some files that operating systems do not usually show. These hidden files usually start with a period `.` and are known as ‘dot files’.

To show files, you can:
```

Author: thanks! have made the change but dropped 'period' as not sure about that vs full-stop

> 4. You'll need to copy some files that operating systems do not usually show. These hidden files usually start with a `.` and are known as ‘dot files’. You can:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. You’ll need to copy some files that operating systems do not usually show. These hidden files usually start with a `.` and are known as ‘dot files’. You can:
```
